Add troubleshooting guides (#6910)
tuist/tuist: docs/docs/en/guides/develop/projects/troubleshooting.md

---
title: Troubleshooting
titleTemplate: ":title | Projects | Tuist"
description: Troubleshoot common issues when working with Tuist projects.
---

# Troubleshooting

This page lists common issues that you might encounter when working with Tuist projects and provides solutions to help you resolve them.

## Couldn’t be copied to “Signatures” because an item with the same name already exists

> When linking pre-compiled XCFrameworks, either through Tuist's integration of Swift Packages, or manually, you might come across the error `Couldn’t be copied to “Signatures” because an item with the same name already exists` when archiving the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When linking pre-compiled XCFrameworks, either through Tuist's integration of Swift Packages or manually, you might come across the error `Couldn't be copied to “Signatures” because an item with the same name already exists` when archiving the app.
```

> This seems to be [a bug in Xcode](https://github.com/syltek/playtomic-ios/pull/5563/files) ([radar](https://feedbackassistant.apple.com/feedback/15554623)), which internally constructs a build graph with duplicated tasks for the same XCFrameworks, causing the error. Until the error gets fixed, or we find a graph setup that doesn't trigger it, you can work around it by adding a `Run Script` phase to the target that archives the app, with the following content:

Reviewer: I assume the link shouldn't be to the playtomic repo 👀

Author: Ouch. I fixed it.

> This seems to be [a bug in Xcode](https://github.com/syltek/playtomic-ios/pull/5563/files) ([radar](https://feedbackassistant.apple.com/feedback/15554623)), which internally constructs a build graph with duplicated tasks for the same XCFrameworks, causing the error. Until the error gets fixed, or we find a graph setup that doesn't trigger it, you can work around it by adding a `Run Script` phase to the target that archives the app, with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This seems to be [a bug in Xcode](https://github.com/syltek/playtomic-ios/pull/5563/files) ([radar](https://feedbackassistant.apple.com/feedback/15554623)), which internally constructs a build graph with duplicated tasks for the same XCFrameworks, causing the error. Until the error gets fixed or we find a graph setup that doesn't trigger it, you can work around it by adding a `Run Script` phase to the target that archives the app, with the following content:
```

I think commas before or are quite rare but I might be wrong
